docs: change recommended way to create *other* service (#1920)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/repo/add_from_other_external_services.md

# Add repositories from other external services

> If an integration for your external service is not yet offered, you can still connect to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have Git repositories hosted on an external service that is not listed here, you can still import the repositories directly.
```
